How,apply	Customers shall approach the company by phone or visit our store (in Clearwater bay) with the choosen tour code and departure date. If it is not full customers will be advised by the staff to pay the tour fee. Tour fee is non refundable. Customer can pay their fee by ATM to 123-345-432-211 of ABC Bank or by cash in our store. Customer shall send their pay-in slip to us by email or LINE.
gathering	We gather at the gathering spot ""Exit A Futian port Shenzhen"" at 8:00AM on the departure date. We dismiss at the same spot after the tour. (see the picture gather.jpg)
assemble	We gather at the gathering spot ""Exit A Futian port Shenzhen"" at 8:00AM on the departure date. We dismiss at the same spot after the tour. (see the picture gather.jpg)
dismiss	We gather at the gathering spot ""Exit A Futian port Shenzhen"" at 8:00AM on the departure date. We dismiss at the same spot after the tour. (see the picture gather.jpg)
tour,cancel	In case a tour has not enough people or bad weather condition and the tour is forced to cancel, customers will be informed 3 days in advanced. Either change to another tour or refund is avaliable for customers to select. However, due to other reasons such as customers' personal problem no refund can be made.
additional,charge	Each customer need to pay an additional service charge at the rate $60/day/person on top of the tour fee. It is collected by the tour guide at the end of the tour.
transportation,Guangdong	A tour bus
tour guide	Each tour guide has a LINE account and he will add the customers as his friends before the departure date. You can contact him/her accordingly.
insurance	Yes each customers are protected by the Excellent Blue-Diamond Scheme by AAA insurance company.
hotel,bed	All rooms are twin beds. Every customer needs to share a room with another customer. If a customer prefer to own a room by himself/herself, additional charge of 30% will be applied.
Visa	Please refer the Visa issue to the immigration department of China. The tour are assembled and dismissed in mainland and no cross-border is needed. However, you will need a travelling document when you check in the hotel.
swimming suit,water	Yes you do need it. Otherwise you may not use the facility.
swimming suit,spring	Yes you do need it. Otherwise you may not use the facility.
serve,vegeterian	No
fee,children	Age below 3 (including 3) is free. Age between 4 to  11 (including 4 and 11) has a discount of 20% off. Otherwise full fee applies. The same service charge is applied to all age customers 
late,departure	You shall contact the tour guide if you know you will be late and see if the tour guide can wait a little bit longer. No refund or make up shall be made if a customer is late for the tour.
